
    Generating Random Text
    Source text
    Now is the winter of our discontent
    Made glorious summer by this sun of York;
    And all the clouds that lour'd upon our house
    In the deep bosom of the ocean buried.
    Now are our brows bound with victorious wreaths;
    Our bruised arms hung up for monuments;
    Our stern alarums changed to merry meetings,
    Our dreadful marches to delightful measures.
    Grim-visaged war hath smooth'd his wrinkled front;
    And now, instead of mounting barded steeds
    To fright the souls of fearful adversaries,
    He capers nimbly in a lady's chamber
    To the lascivious pleasing of a lute.
    But I, that am not shaped for sportive tricks,
    Nor made to court an amorous looking-glass;
    I, that am rudely stamp'd, and want love's majesty
    To strut before a wanton ambling nymph;
    I, that am curtail'd of this fair proportion,

    There are 837 chars in the text.
    5 order random text.
    haped for monuments;
    Grim-visaged war hath smooth'd his fair proportive tricks,
    To fright the winter of this sun of York;
    And now, instead of a lute.
    Made to court an amorous pleasing of the winter of mounting nymph;
    Our stern alarums changed wanton amorous wreaths;
    In the souls of our house
    To the ocean buried.
    Our brows bound with victorious sun of the clouds the souls of mountings,
    And now, instead of this wrinkled front;
    To the ocean buried.
    To the souls of York;
    But I, that am not shaped for sportion,
    Our steeds
    I, that am rudely stamp'd, and war hath smooth'd his fair proportive tricks,
    Nor made to court an amorous looking-glass;
    He capers nimbly in a lady's changed to court an amorous looking-glass;
    Our stern alarums changed war hath smooth'd his fair proportion,
    Nor monuments;
    But I, that am not shaped front;
    Our discontent
    Our steeds
    Our stern alarums changed wanton amorous pleasing barded stern alarums changed to court an amorous wrinkled front;
    Nor made to court an amorous looking-glass;
    I, that am not shaped for made to merry meetings,
    But I, that love's majesty
    To frightful measures.
    And all the souls of mountings,
    To the winter of a lady's changed want love's majesty
    Our discontent
    Grim-visaged to delight the clouds the ocean buried.
    To the souls of a lady's chamber
    In the ocean buried.
    I, that am not shaped for sportive tricks,
    To fright the lascivious pleasing barded stern alarums changed want lour'd upon our brows bound with victorious pleasing of this wreaths;
    I, that am not shaped front;
    In the deep bosom of fearful adversaries,
    To the winter of the deep bosom of mounting of this wrinkled for sportion,
    Our brows bound war hath smooth'd his summer by this sun of this fair proportion,
    Now are our bruised arms hung up for sportion,
    And all the ocean buried.
    Grim-visaged to court an ambling nymph;
    I, that am rudely stamp'd, and with victorious pleasing of mountings,
    To fright the ocean buried.
    I, that am rudely stamp'd, and with victorious wrinkled front;
    He capers nimbly in a lute.
    And all the lascivious pleasing nymph;
    In the souls of York;
    He capers nimbly in a lady's chamber
    Our stern alarums changed want lour'd upon our house
    I, that am curtail'd of mountings,
    Now is the souls of fearful measures.
    He capers nimbly in a lady's chamber
    And all the clouds that am rudely stamp'd, and wanton amorous sun of this summer by this summer by this fair proportive tricks,
    To the souls of York;
    And all the clouds the winter of our discontent
    Our stern alarums changed to delightful measures.
    And all the ocean buried.
    Made glorious wrinkled for monuments;
    To strut before a want lour'd upon our dreadful marches to merry meetings,
    He capers nimbly in a lute.
    Our discontent
    I, that love's majesty
    To strut before a wanton ambling barded steeds
    To fright the souls of the souls of a lute.
    To the deep bosom of this summer by this wreaths;
    To strut before a want love's majesty
    I, that lour'd upon our brows bound wanton amorous looking-glass;
    Made glorious pleasing barded stern alarums chamber
    I, that am not shaped for sportion,
    I, that am curtail'd of mountings,
    Nor monuments;
    And all the souls of a lady's chamber
    But I, that am curtail'd of fearful adversaries,
    In the lascivious looking-glass;
    To the clouds that lour'd upo
    There are 3500 chars in this text.
